README.md, before:

# Insulin Calculator Demo for Robert

This is a simple Android app that demonstrates basic programming concepts like conditionals and basic Android UI workflow by taking the user's inputs (target & current) and outputting a total value (correction)

At its current state, it is NOT a true insulin caculator yet. All it does is takes the `target` value and subtracts `current` value to calculate the `correction` value.

To make the app user-friendly, the `correction` value's color changes to indicate a positive value vs. a negative one. Check the comments to see how that works and see if you can expand it!

<img src="appDemoAnimation.gif" width="300">

Features:
- Pure Kotlin
- Single screen
- No libraries

Last updated: 3/11/22

# License

    Copyright 2022 Michael Sim

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Improve readability and add credits section

README.md, after:

# Insulin Calculator Demo for Robert

This is a simple Android app that demonstrates basic programming concepts like conditionals and basic Android UI workflow by taking the user's inputs (`target` & `current`) and outputting a total value (correction)

At its current state, it is NOT a true insulin caculator yet. All it does is takes the `target` value and subtracts `current` value to calculate the `correction` value.

To make the app user-friendly, the `correction` value's color changes to indicate a positive value vs. a negative one. Check the comments to see how that works and see if you can expand it!

<img src="appDemoAnimation.gif" width="300">

Features:
- Pure Kotlin
- Single screen
- No libraries

Credits:
- This README.md is based on [Rahul Pandey](https://github.com/rpandey1234/)'s README.md file

Last updated: 3/11/22

# License

    Copyright 2022 Michael Sim

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
